# Pulse

Pulse (AKA `nodejs-api-server` or `main-service`) is a Node.js application which provides most RESTful API.

# Dependencies

- [ImageMagick](http://www.imagemagick.org/)

    sudo yum install ImageMagick

# Setup

Make sure that you have installed `node` and `npm`. We use node v0.10 in production for now. You can install the latest version of v0.10 using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).

    nvm install v0.10

Download the source code after you have your `node` and `npm` installed.

    cd your/work/path
    git clone git@github.com:2ViVe/nodejs-api-server.git
    cd nodejs-api-server
    npm install     # install dependent modules
    cp config.json.production config.json   # create the config file

# Start and stop

We recommend you use [pm2](https://github.com/Unitech/PM2) to manage your node services. However you can simply run `npm start` to start the service if you don't want to use pm2.

Below is how to start the service using pm2:

    mkdir -p /etc/pm2
    cp pm2_config.sample.json /etc/pm2/main-service.json
    # edit main-service.json file, change `script` and `run_as_user` properties:
    # `script` is the absolute path of the `server.js` file.
    # `run_as_user` is the user you want to run the service as. You can use your login user.
    # make sure `error_file` and `out_file` are created and `run_as_user` has permission to write then.
    pm2 start /etc/pm2/main-service.json    # start the service

Now the service is started and running.

You can restart it using `pm2 restart` comand:

    pm2 restart main-service
    
Stop it:

    pm2 stop main-service
  
